Title: Members Recipe Book
Name of Members: Mac,Beatrice, Alvin, Caleb and Erica
Favorite Recipes for each member;
1. Mac : Eggs Recipe: Step 1Heat butter (or oil) in a 10 to 12-in non-stick skillet on medium-low.
Step 2In a bowl, whisk together, eggs and ½ tsp each salt and pepper.
Step 3Add eggs to skillet and cook, stirring often until eggs are beginning to set.
Step 4Once the eggs are nearly set, add desired toppings (think cheese, cooked veggies, herbs, tender greens like spinach or baby kale).

2.Beatrice: Chips Recipe :
Potatoes – Maris Pipers or King Edwards are ideal, but any kind will also do.
Olive oil – Use this to coat the potatoes. Sunflower or vegetable oil is OK too. A light flavour or flavourless is best.
Garlic powder – For some added taste.
Salt and pepper – To taste. alt and pepper – To taste.1. Preheat the oven and cut the potatoes into 1cm chip shapes.
How to make homemade chips step two. Lay on baking tray and put on olive oil, salt and pepper and garlic granules.
On a baking sheet sprinkle oil, garlic powder, and salt and pepper over the chips until they’re well coated. Bake until crunchy and golden, turning once (as per the recipe below).

3. Alvin: Chicken Recipe :
Lemon Chicken. Garlic, herbs and lemon—plus a glug of white wine—mean that these juicy, 
tender chicken breasts are as delicious as they are healthy. So versatile you can really pair this with anything but we love a Roasted Beet Salad or Brussels Sprouts Gratin.

4. Caleb: Beef Recipe:

1 tbsp olive oil
1.5kg beef short ribs
12 shallots, peeled but left whole
4 small carrots, halved lengthways
1 tbsp tomato purée
750ml red wine
7 bay leaves
8 thyme sprigs
8 garlic cloves, sliced
200g dried beans, soaked overnight – we carlin peas (see Know How), but pinto beans, black beans or chickpeas would all work well
Mashed potatoes or polenta to serve (optional)

5. Erica: Steak Recipe

2 rib-eye steaks (around 200g each)
4 tsp light soy sauce
4 tsp sesame oil
4 tsp oyster sauce
1 tsp sugar
1 tsp garlic powder
2 tsp freshly ground black pepper
1 tsp lime juice or white vinegar

